SUBJECTIVE

AGE
11y

Gender
male

Cheif Complaint
Stomach Ache And Fever x 5/7

History of presenting Illness (HPI)
12 year old presented on account of:

Stomach pain x 5/7
Fever x 1/7

Pain is described as dull in nature with occasional moments of sharp pain. No known relieving or aggravating factors.
 Pain is located in the right side of the abdomen, radiates to the umbilicus
Fever is low grade, associate with chills, no known relieving factors. 

Patient had one episode of vomiting consisting of recently ingested meal; non-bilous
Nil hx of passage of loose stools, nil hx of constipation, nil hx of abdominal distension.

Nil dysuria, 

o/e: Healthy looking young boy, warm to touch, not pale, anicteric, acyanosed, not dehydrated, nil pedal edema

Abdomen: Full, moves with respiration,
tenderness in right iliac fossa and umbilicus(+)
nil guarding
nil renal angle tenderness

chest: clear, s1, s2





Review of system
Abnormal weight loss (), Fever(Yes)

;Fall Risk Assessment
Assisted (No)
Pain assessment Assessment
Do you feel pain? (Yes), Which body site? (Abdomen), Pain scale? (6), How long? (5 days)

Nutrition Assessment
Is the condition affecting eating, chewing and swallowing?(No), Diet? (), Recent weight change? (), Mucus membrane? (), Any other comments? ()

OBJECTIVE
Physical Examination (All Physical Examination conducted)

Eyes
- Left conjunctiva (Normal). No comment
- Right conjunctiva (Normal). No comment

Lung
- Auscultation of breath sounds: The presence of breath sounds? (N/A), Breath sound (N/A), Phase: (N/A), Use of accessory muscles (Absent), Chest deformities (Absent). No comment

Gastrointestinal
- Appearance (Flat). Moves with respiration
- Spleen (Normal). No comment
- Liver (Normal). No comment
- Tenderness (Present). Tender at right iliac fossa and umbilicus...nil rebound tenderness, nil 
- Masses (Absent). No comment
- Spleen (Normal). No comment
- Costovertebral angle tenderness (Absent). No comment

Vital Signs
Blood pressure(100/60 mm[Hg])

Anthropometry
Height(148 cm) Weight(36.5 kg) BMI(16.7 kg/m2)

ASSESSMENT

Diagnosis
Unspecified malaria

Differential Diagnosis
Unspecified appendicitis


PLAN

Treatment plan
Reassure patient
Malaria RDT
Review with result

update
Malaria RDT - positive

plan:
Tabs ACT 80/480mg 1 bd x 3/7
tabs pcm 500mg tds x 3/7
counsel to sleep under ITNs

If symptoms persist after 3/7 , to revisit clinic

Exhaustive list of Investigations Ordered
Malaria Parasite - RDT (done)

Exhaustive list of Medicine prescribed
250mg Emzor (Paracetamol 500mg) Tablets X 96 3 times per day 3 days
80480mg Shalartem(Artemether,Lumefantrine 80/480) X 6 Twice daily 3 days



