
It seems to me that the patient's symptoms are indeed compatible with bronchitis or pneumonia. Of course, only a chest X-ray can definitively tell the difference, and that might not always be possible for a rural clinic. Given this possibility, I would recommend she get some rest, drink plenty of fluids, and see if an antibiotic is warranted once the diagnosis is known. An antihistamine might be considered as part of her management if a cause other than infection is suspected. 
The case can be followed up by the primary care physician and sent to the hospital if it is not improving or if it is severe. It is essential to always seek follow-up care.

The patient's symptoms are typical of a lower respiratory system illness. While catarrh is not a medical term, it could be a catch-all for colds. It's possible that the patient has either bronchitis or pneumonia. 
[1]
The Plan and next steps should be to seek a confirmation of the diagnosis through a chest X-ray or a culture and sensitivity, particularly in the case of pneumonia which requires prompt treatment with broad-spectrum antibiotics.
[1]
The case can be followed up at the clinic in the next few days to see how the patient is doing. If the symptoms do not improve or if there are signs of complications such as pneumonia, the patient should be referred to the hospital for further management. 

It would be best to follow up with this patient to ensure a better diagnosis and treatment. This will also help us identify anything else we need to know or other things we can do for the patients. It would be best to refer this patient if needed to a specialist for further evaluation and management of her symptoms. 

The patient needs further management. The initial treatment plan needs to be revisited. What the patient needs are the results of either a chest X-ray (for bronchitis and pneumonia diagnosis) or a culture and sensitivity (for bronchitis to identify the causative organism). Depending on these results, her management might change. For now, it's best to ensure she rests well. 

If there are no red flags, referral to a specialist with experience in managing the lower respiratory system for further evaluation and management could be warranted. 

In conclusion, we should follow her up to ensure her symptoms are well-controlled. If they are not, further tests and possibly referral to a specialist or a chest X-ray could be considered. 

Note: These recommendations are based on local guidlines.