SUBJECTIVE

AGE
25y

Gender
male

Cheif Complaint
bruses for atleast 7 day in front of his for head

History of presenting Illness (HPI)
Rashes x7

Rashes started 1/52 ago. Appearing as pimples on the forehead. 
They are said to burst spontaneously and spread to surrounding area. Rashes are described as itchy and slightly painful.
4/7 ago, swelling was noticed which has gradually progressed to involve the entire forehead. 
Eyelid swelling was noticed today.

For the symptoms, patient took diclofenac tablets and visited a traditional medicine man who applied an unidentified herbal powder to the area.
This is reported to not have happened in the past
No one around him has similar symptoms
Nil hx of insect bite, nil similar rash in other parts of the body, nil hx of trauma to that area
nil fever, nil vision impairment,
nil headache, nil cough, nil dysuria, nil other constitutional symptoms 

o/e
Healthy looking, not warm to touch, not pale, anicteric, acyanosed, nil pedal edema

Erythematous, swollen forehead with multiples areas of crusty lesions and wound scabs. 
pustules approximately 2mm in size present on the forehead and temples bilaterally
Swollen upper and lower eyelids





Review of system
Abnormal weight loss (), Fever(No)
Current medication
Diclofenac Sodium

;Fall Risk Assessment
Pain assessment Assessment
Do you feel pain? (Yes), Which body site? (Head), Pain scale? (5), How long? (7 weeks)

OBJECTIVE
Physical Examination (All Physical Examination conducted)

Constitutional
- General appearance (Healthy looking young man)
- Level of alertness (Active, No comment)
- State of health (Well appearing, No comment)
- State of comfort or distress (Comfortable, No comment)

Eyes
- Left Upper eyelid (Abnormal). Swollen
- Right Upper eyelid (Abnormal). Swollen
- Left Sclera (Normal). No comment
- Right Sclera (Normal). No comment
- Left conjunctiva (Normal). No comment
- Right conjunctiva (Normal). No comment

Lympatic
- Cervical Lymphadenopathy (Absent). No comment

Skin
- Rash: Presence (Present), Rash location (forehead and left side of anterior scalp), Rash color (skin colored with underlying fluid and pus), Rash size (2mm). No comment
- Papules (Present). pus-filled

Vital Signs
Blood pressure(101/54 mm[Hg])

Anthropometry
Height(164 cm) Weight(56 kg) BMI(20.8 kg/m2)

ASSESSMENT

Diagnosis
Impetigo

Differential Diagnosis
Local infection of skin and subcutaneous tissue, unspecified


PLAN

Treatment plan
Reassure patient

RBS
RVS

Wound irrigation with saline/Wound debridement and disinfection with savlon
Light guaze dressing impregnated with povidone iodine


Tabs PCM 1g tds x 1/52
Tabs Vit.C 1g tds x 1/52

Follow up tomoRrow for wound review
Consider antibiotic cream application twice daily x 1/52



Exhaustive list of Investigations Ordered
Random blood glucose (done)

Exhaustive list of Medicine prescribed
200mg Em-Vit-C (White Vitamin C 100mg) Tablet x100 3 times per day 2 weeks
1g Emcap Extra (Paracetamol 500mg + Caffeine) Caplets X100 3 times per day 1 week


Follow up appointment
Follow up consultation (2023-08-16T10:00:00+01:00)


