
The treatment is consistent with the diagnosis of a secondary Hypertension as a complication of a known Hypertensive crisis, previously reported. The HPI should have included both complaints of recent evening vision and ankle pain, as well as the long history of known hypertension (since that patient was diagnosed almost 20 years ago). It is important to investigate other conditions that may cause hypertension in this case, including primary hypertension, kidney issue, or medication side effects. The patient should be examined by an opthalmologist and referred for renal evaluation. There is a high possibility of this patient also being a diabetic considering the high BMI. This patient should be counseled on the importance of compliance of treatment and referral for further evaluation on follow-up.

The diagnosis is consistent with the Observation: Both patients known history of known hypertension, and the history of retinal changes suggest that these are the cause of the hypertension, while the ankle pain suggests vascular peripheral neuropathy. The renal system and cardiac system should be evaluated to rule out any complications. 
It would be reasonable, given the patient's BMI and history of known hypertension, to order a Fasting Blood Glucose test. It could assist in identifying Type 2 diabetes, which is a significant comorbidity in this population. Other tests for renal function or any cardiac abnormalities might be valuable. However, only those test results that might be available in a rural health clinic should be considered. 
The patient does not need any additional tests for TIA given the current medications and renal function within the normal range. The routine investigation for renal function is always appropriate in hypertensive patients.
It is possible that this patient has both hypertensive crisis and neuropathy secondary to hypertension. However, the presentation was atypical, with mainly complaints of ankle pains. Therefore, long-standing hypertension should be the primary diagnosis, while considering other conditions that might explain the findings. The patient should be referred to a physician from a larger facility to assist with the management. It would provide the necessary tools to further manage the condition. The follow-up should be with another healthcare provider as the present clinician may need help in managing the patient's care.

It's worth noting that if the differential diagnosis includes other causes of hypertension, they should be investigated and managed as well. This patient's symptoms of morning headache and right sided facial pain should be properly documented, and a referral made to the relevant specialists, potentially including an opthalmologist. However, the management should not be too dissimilar compared to what was planned.
These recommendations should be considered in the framework of rural health care, where resources may be limited, and it's essential to maximize the potential outcome while limiting costs.