SUBJECTIVE

AGE
28y

Gender
male

Cheif Complaint
pain on the right side of the chest x2/7

History of presenting Illness (HPI)
Patient seen
Presented with C/O: Pain on the right side of the chest for 2/7 duration, characterized as sudden on onset after sleeping on a hard surface, pain is said to be 5/10. Said to be aggravated with deep breathing and relieved with diclofenac. The pain was said not to affect his daily activities.
No cough, breathlessness, no epigastric pain, no vomiting and no loose stool.
No History of trauma or fall
Not a known Asthmatic or PUD.
He Smoke cigarettes' approximately 5 sticks per day for about 10years. 
Nor ingest alcohol.



Review of system
Current medication
Diclofenac Potassium

;Fall Risk Assessment
Assisted (No)
Pain assessment Assessment
Do you feel pain? (Yes), Which body site? (Chest), Pain scale? (5), How long? (2 days)

OBJECTIVE
Physical Examination (All Physical Examination conducted)

Constitutional
- Level of alertness (Active, No comment)

Right Lower Limb
 - Left upper limb: Strength (5), Range of motion (N/A), Tenderness (Absent), Swelling (Absent), Deformity (Absent). No comment
- Right upper limb: Strength (5), Range of motion (N/A), Tenderness (Absent), Swelling (Absent), Deformity (Absent). No comment

Vital Signs
Blood pressure(110/70 mm[Hg])

Anthropometry
Height(162 cm) Weight(49 kg) BMI(18.7 kg/m2)

ASSESSMENT

Diagnosis
Other and unspecified symptoms and signs involving the nervous and musculoskeletal systems

Differential Diagnosis



PLAN

Treatment plan
Counsel patient for dangers of smoking and importance of quitting 
Tabs. Diclofenac 5omg bid 5/7
Topical deep pain relieve bid 5/7
Tabs. Vitamin 200mg tds 1/52
If decide to quit for smoking, to see clinic anytime.

Exhaustive list of Medicine prescribed
200mg Em-Vit-C (White Vitamin C 100mg) Tablet x100 3 times per day 1 week
30g Rufenac (Diclofenac diethylamine + Methyl Salicylate + Menthol) 30g Gel Twice daily 5 days
2tablet Emcap Extra (Paracetamol 500mg + Caffeine) Caplets X100 Twice daily 5 days



