SUBJECTIVE

AGE
52y

Gender
female

Cheif Complaint
known diabetic, known hypertensive  with hypersalivation and cold sensation under the feet

History of presenting Illness (HPI)
A 52 year old female seen.
A known Hypertensive and Diabetic with complaint of nausea and excessive salivation for 2/7
She started having episodes of excessive salivation and nausea 2 days ago, and usually after long period of not eating.
Had an episode of vomiting in the morning today.
Patient is taking Amlodipine 10mg OD, Glibenclamide 5mg OD, and Panfor SR (Metformin) 1g OD and is said to be regular for HTN and DM follow up at a peripheral facility. 
Patient is noticed to be taking Diclofenac 50mg daily, said to be given to her at a peripheral facility when she complained of abnormal leg sensations bilaterally.


Review of system
Current medication
Amlodipine Besylate, Glimepiride, Metformin Hydrochloride

;Fall Risk Assessment
Pain assessment Assessment
Do you feel pain? (Yes), Which body site? (Abdomen), Pain scale? (6), How long? (3 days)

Nutrition Assessment
Is the condition affecting eating, chewing and swallowing?(Yes), Diet? (), Recent weight change? (Yes), Mucus membrane? (), Any other comments? (increase appetite   )

OBJECTIVE
Physical Examination (All Physical Examination conducted)

Constitutional
- General appearance (stable and good looking)
- Level of alertness (Awake, No comment)
- State of health (Well appearing, No comment)
- State of comfort or distress (Comfortable, No comment)

Gastrointestinal
- Abdominal hernia (Absent). No comment
- Umbilical hernia (Absent). Absent
- Appearance (Flat). No comment
- Spleen (Normal). No comment
- Liver (Normal). No comment
- Tenderness (Absent). No comment
- Masses (Absent). No comment
- Spleen (Normal). No comment
- Costovertebral angle tenderness (Absent). No comment

Vital Signs
Blood pressure(147/85 mm[Hg])

Anthropometry
Height(157 cm) Weight(66 kg) BMI(26.8 kg/m2)

ASSESSMENT

Diagnosis
Gastro-oesophageal reflux disease

Differential Diagnosis
Peptic ulcer, site unspecified


PLAN

Treatment plan
Counsel patient on the condition
STOP Diclofenac
Continue Mg Trisilicate tablet
Tabs Omeprazole 20mg BD x 2/52
Tabs B-complex II daily x 2/52
Continue routine drugs
To do FBS tomorrow and consider H. Pylori test
To review routine drugs and empanel patient

Exhaustive list of Medicine prescribed
20mg Omeshal (Omeprazole 20mg) Capsule x10 Twice daily 2 weeks
2mg Em-B Plex( Vitamin B Complex )Tablets x1000 Once a day 2 weeks



