
Consistency with diagnosis: As long as Lumefantrine was prescribed correctly, it is consistent with the diagnosis.
Other things you would test, potentially available in a rural setting: Consider testing for other causes of fever, considering the patient's age and medical history in rural or low-resourced settings.
Other notable points: Consider the patient's compliance or willingness to complete treatment regimen. This patient was prescribed a full course of antimalarial drugs, which is appropriate, but it is always important to reinforce this information with patients in rural settings or in countries with low adherence rates. [/] This patient was appropriately diagnosed with malaria, confirmed with an RDT, and treated with a full course of antimalarial drugs. There is no major concern regarding the management of this patient, although it may be important to counsel the patient on adherence to the treatment regimen in a rural setting where this may be challenging. It is also important to keep in mind the resources available in the rural setting when choosing investigations and when counseling the patient about his diagnosis and treatment. The patient’s BMI, which measures his degree of obesity, may be informative. However, for this patient, it wasn't an immediate issue.  There are no other things to investigate or test given the patient's symptoms, which suggest malaria. Nevertheless, it is still important to consider other potential causes of fever, particularly if the patient is outside the age range typically associated with malaria, or if there are other red flags suggesting another condition.  The last point is that the patient will have to be monitored for compliance and adherence to the recommended treatment regimen, which may be challenging in a resource-poor setting. Another important counseling point would be to ensure the patient understands that he needs to be fully compliant with treatment to cure the disease, decrease the chance of complications, and prevent recurrence.